PIA-1995 documentation (#15)
gini/gini-mobile-ios: BankSDK/GiniBankSDK/README.md

## Example

In order to run [the example app](https://github.com/gini/gini-mobile-ios/tree/main/BankSDK/GiniBankSDKExample/GiniBankSDKExample), clone the repo ,open the project file and Resolve Package Versions in Xcode `File->Packages->Resolve Package Versions`.

### Payment feature

> The banking example app demonstrates how to integrate the Gini Bank SDK. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The other [example app](https://github.com/gini/gini-mobile-ios/tree/main/BankSDK/GiniBankSDKExample/GiniBankSDKExampleBank) demonstrates how to integrate the payment feature of Gini Bank SDK.
```
